README.md, before:

# Connection Quality Control

<p align="center">
    <a href="#license">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/nitrado/connqc">
        <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/nitrado/connqc" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/nitrado/connqc/releases/latest">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/nitrado/connqc.svg?style=flat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nitrado/connqc">
        <img src="https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/nitrado/connqc?utm_source=godoc" />
    </a>
</p>

`signal` is a tool to control the quality of the network transport between multiple regions.
It consists of a server that listens for TCP probing messages, and a client that sends said messages.
The client logs the probing duration and warns if some messages get lost.

## Usage

<p align="left">
        <img width="500px" src="./docs/assets/server.jpg" />
</p>

<p align="right">
        <img width="500px" src="./docs/assets/client.gif" />
</p>

### Server

Start the server. The default address is `:8123`:

```shell
$ signal server 
```

or specify a port:

```shell
$ signal server --addr=":1234"
```

#### More Options

The `server` command supports the following additional arguments.

```shell
OPTIONS:
   --addr value           The address to listen on for signals (default: ":8123") [$ADDR]
   --buffer-size value    The size of the read buffer used by the server (default: 512) [$BUFFER_SIZE]
   --read-timeout value   The duration after which the server should timeout when reading from a connection (default: 2s) [$READ_TIMEOUT]
   --write-timeout value  The duration after which the server should timeout when writing to a connection (default: 5s) [$WRITE_TIMEOUT]
   --log.format value     Specify the format of logs. Supported formats: 'logfmt', 'json', 'console' [$LOG_FORMAT]
   --log.level value      Specify the log level. e.g. 'debug', 'info', 'error'. (default: "info") [$LOG_LEVEL]
   --log.ctx value        A list of context field appended to every log. Format: key=value. [$LOG_CTX]
   --help, -h             show help (default: false)
```

#### Firewall

For use on firewalls managed with [`firewall-cmd`](https://firewalld.org/documentation/man-pages/firewall-cmd.html):

```shell
$ firewall-cmd --add-port=8123/tcp
# and later after the test is done
$ firewall-cmd --remove-port=8123/tcp
```

### Client

Start the client with the signal server's address:

```shell
$ signal client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123"
```

To enable more human-readable logs, set the log format:

```shell
$ signal client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123" --log.format="console"
```

To increase the amount of sent requests, reduce the interval:

```shell
$ signal client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123" --interval="200ms"
```

#### More Options

The `client` command supports the following additional arguments.

```shell
OPTIONS:
   --addr value           The address of a signal server [$ADDR]
   --backoff value        Duration to wait for before retrying to connect to the server (default: 1s) [$BACKOFF]
   --interval value       Interval at which to send probe messages to the server (default: 1s) [$INTERVAL]
   --read-timeout value   The duration after which the client should timeout when reading from a connection (default: 2s) [$READ_TIMEOUT]
   --write-timeout value  The duration after which the client should timeout when writing to a connection (default: 5s) [$WRITE_TIMEOUT]
   --log.format value     Specify the format of logs. Supported formats: 'logfmt', 'json', 'console' [$LOG_FORMAT]
   --log.level value      Specify the log level. e.g. 'debug', 'info', 'error'. (default: "info") [$LOG_LEVEL]
   --log.ctx value        A list of context field appended to every log. Format: key=value. [$LOG_CTX]
   --help, -h             show help (default: false)
```

## License

Copyright 2023 marbis GmbH

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

feat: rename signal to connqc and update README

README.md, after:

# Connection Quality Control

<p align="center">
    <a href="#license">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/nitrado/connqc">
        <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/nitrado/connqc" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/nitrado/connqc/releases/latest">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/nitrado/connqc.svg?style=flat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nitrado/connqc">
        <img src="https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/nitrado/connqc?utm_source=godoc" />
    </a>
</p>

`connqc` is a tool to control the quality of the network transport between multiple regions.
It consists of a server that listens for TCP probing messages, and a client that sends said messages.
The client logs the probing duration and warns if some messages get lost.

## Usage

<p align="left">
        <img width="500px" src="./docs/assets/server.jpg" />
</p>

<p align="right">
        <img width="500px" src="./docs/assets/client.gif" />
</p>

### Server

Start the server. The default address is `:8123`:

```shell
$ connqc server 
```

or specify a port:

```shell
$ connqc server --addr=":1234"
```

#### More Options

The `server` command supports the following additional arguments.

```shell
OPTIONS:
   --addr value           The address to listen on for probe messages (default: ":8123") [$ADDR]
   --buffer-size value    The size of the read buffer used by the server (default: 512) [$BUFFER_SIZE]
   --read-timeout value   The duration after which the server should timeout when reading from a connection (default: 2s) [$READ_TIMEOUT]
   --write-timeout value  The duration after which the server should timeout when writing to a connection (default: 5s) [$WRITE_TIMEOUT]
   --log.format value     Specify the format of logs. Supported formats: 'logfmt', 'json', 'console' [$LOG_FORMAT]
   --log.level value      Specify the log level. e.g. 'debug', 'info', 'error'. (default: "info") [$LOG_LEVEL]
   --log.ctx value        A list of context field appended to every log. Format: key=value. [$LOG_CTX]
   --help, -h             show help (default: false)
```

#### Firewall

For use on firewalls managed with [`firewall-cmd`](https://firewalld.org/documentation/man-pages/firewall-cmd.html):

```shell
$ firewall-cmd --add-port=8123/tcp
# and later after the test is done
$ firewall-cmd --remove-port=8123/tcp
```

### Client

Start the client with the connqc server's address:

```shell
$ connqc client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123"
```

To enable more human-readable logs, set the log format:

```shell
$ connqc client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123" --log.format="console"
```

To increase the amount of sent requests, reduce the interval:

```shell
$ connqc client --addr="127.0.0.1:8123" --interval="200ms"
```

#### More Options

The `client` command supports the following additional arguments.

```shell
OPTIONS:
   --addr value           The address of a connqc server [$ADDR]
   --backoff value        Duration to wait for before retrying to connect to the server (default: 1s) [$BACKOFF]
   --interval value       Interval at which to send probe messages to the server (default: 1s) [$INTERVAL]
   --read-timeout value   The duration after which the client should timeout when reading from a connection (default: 2s) [$READ_TIMEOUT]
   --write-timeout value  The duration after which the client should timeout when writing to a connection (default: 5s) [$WRITE_TIMEOUT]
   --log.format value     Specify the format of logs. Supported formats: 'logfmt', 'json', 'console' [$LOG_FORMAT]
   --log.level value      Specify the log level. e.g. 'debug', 'info', 'error'. (default: "info") [$LOG_LEVEL]
   --log.ctx value        A list of context field appended to every log. Format: key=value. [$LOG_CTX]
   --help, -h             show help (default: false)
```

## License

Copyright 2023 marbis GmbH

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
